welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season 2 episode 3.
after last week's adventure on ice
spider planet mando's ship the razer
crest is barely holding it together he
makes it to his destination an ocean
planet but the landing systems aren't
working it's a tough one
oh he makes it but then falls in the
water luckily they give him a toe out of
there and he pays this admiral ackbar
looking alien to fix a ship up then frog
lady after having the worst uber ride of
her life meets up with her husband oh
happy reunion her husband's like yeah
man i've seen mandalorians here i don't
know where they are though so mando goes
into the bar he orders a super baby yoda
but this soup fights back yeah live
octopus in there
pretty cute anyway this davey jones
looking squid aliens like garmeti i'll
take you to the mandalorians for a price
so it's time for a boat ride these guys
are fishermen and they're like hey you
want to watch us catch a big one but
wait betrayal he knocked baby yoda in
and a giant sea monster eats him no
yeah these guys were playing mando they
let him out here so they could steal his
best gar steel armor and things are
looking bleak but wait what's this it's
the mandalorians he was looking for
yeah they fly in there kicking butt yeah
these mandalorians are the real deal
pune pow pow man is like yo the sea
monster ain't my baby yoda and this one
no hesitation dives down in there to
rescue him boom blasts out of there with
him luckily his baby carriage is super
strong and baby oda's okay
amanda's like hey it's so great to
finally meet up with some real
mandalorians wait what are you doing
they take their helmets off he's like oh
come on not again you guys aren't real
mandalorians but they're like what no
we're very real mandalorians they're
actually from the planet mandalore in
fact this woman is boca tan
the former queen if you're a big fan
who's watched the clone wars animated
series you know pocatan she had a big
part in the mandalore arc i'm not gonna
get into all that backstory because the
great thing about this show is you
really don't need to know it stands on
its own she's like look man i hate to
break this to you but you were raised by
a crazy mandalorian cult called the
children of the watch there's no real
rules about never taking your helmet off
i mean that's completely impractical how
do you eat but mando doesn't want to
hear that he's like that's not the way
and jetpack's out of there but that
night when more of the squid men try to
ambush him they bust in again and take
them all out so he agrees to at least
hear them out and they explain what
they're doing here their home planet
mandalore was under imperial control and
in fact there's a bunch of imperials
here smuggling a ton of weapons they
want to steal them and take their planet
back
mando's like that's cool and all but i'm
on my own mission to bring this baby
yoda back to his own kind apparently
they're called the jedi have you ever
heard of them bogatan has hung out with
plenty of jedi in her day she's like
yeah i know where one is i'll tell you
where they are but first you gotta help
us
samantha drops baby yoda off at the
sitters the frog people oh he's asking
for trouble baby oda's gonna munch all
those eggs then the next day when the
imperial ship is taken off our
mandalorians jet pack into hijack it
it's an awesome scene our mandalorians
are super badass
this one guys like seal all the doors
and oh they managed to trap him but it's
like wait a second where did you trap
them and he's like oh in the cargo
control room
um bad idea boom vents i'm all out of
there
so our mandalorians got all the cargo
but bokuton's talking to the captain
like hey we're coming for the whole ship
amanda's like hold up that wasn't part
of the deal but botan's like hey they
have information on where something is
that i need if i'm ever gonna really
reclaim the throne of mandalore so the
imperial captain calls his boss for help
it is moth gideon
he's like yo you already lost the ship
i'm not coming to help you know what you
have to do so this captain shoots the
pilots and he's gonna crash the ship
unwavering loyalty to the new empire so
the mandalorians are on a tight deadline
now but there's still a bunch of
stormtroopers in the way so it's time
for armando to prove his worth he busts
out there getting hit with all the
lasers but he manages to throw the bombs
and ho ho takes them all out so they get
in there just in time to stop the ship
crash
close one then boca tons interrogating
the captain turns out the thing she's
looking for is
the dark saber she already knows that
moff gideon has it theoretically he took
it from her but the captain won't reveal
where he is he takes the electric shock
suicide pill she tells mando the
location of the jedi she knows named
ahsoka tano
yes she's another main character of the
clone wars star wars super fans
everywhere are like
whoa so mando says farewell for now and
jumps on out of there at the babysitters
baby yoda's learning that frogs are
friends not food
mendo picks him up and goes back to the
ship which has been patched together
very poorly this guy's rigged up the
cockpit with a bunch of nautical ropes
and mando really needs to find a new
mechanic plus there's a stowaway a baby
squid monster it's coming from baby yoda
but oh mando grabs it then
baby yoda's so cute what will the jedi
associatano have to say about baby yoda
find out next time on the mandalorian
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member